[OGM-2019] Add volunteer lead, grad/first year reps (#9)
wiredmonash/constitution: CONSTITUTION.md

This constitution may be amended if not less than two thirds of the ordinary members present (either in person or by proxy) at a general meeting vote in favour of the proposed changes, provided that—
1. the C&S Executive has first approved the sought amendment(s); and
2. 14 days notice of the proposed amendment is served on all Club members.

> Adopted by Faculty of Information Technology Society on xx Month, 2019

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adopted by Faculty of Information Technology Society on 28 March, 2019
```

Assuming we get it approved (sorry wasn't in the docx)
